we started by entering a cage
horse
and in 10 we now have a link or
good to build
with all the materials to practice
voices
yes 25 functional loss
2. 3
participate in the golden globe the sun
by world
I was champion
in blogs
the five balls that I have
It has been on Holy Sunday since it gives you
a lot of opportunity
fight in Puerto Rico in April and at the fair
put at risk and we fell
the fight but we keep saying always
practicing for when I do not have a
opportunity to take advantage of
those who have been this
is having two children and I want to be good
for this I have a family in what
look after
since he works a
and his friends with pain or that does not
it gives me
to study my family and that's the
motivation always
My work team is composed of
I've always been taught the best in the
boxing
appears the world field I want
prove to the ieq
here there is
or good
all the name of charm
and I hope it will be on October 26
a talent that we have not been able to
talent